Use crafted date to match up reshaped weapons with their new incarnation (#8884)
DestinyItemManager/DIM: docs/CHANGELOG.md

## Next

> * Crafted items will no longer lose their tags/notes or be missing from loadouts after being reshaped. Thisonly affects items that are newly tagged or added to loadouts - crafted weapons that were already tagged or in loadouts will not be preserved when reshaping them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Crafted items will no longer lose their tags/notes or be missing from loadouts after being reshaped. This only affects items that are newly tagged or added to loadouts - crafted weapons that were already tagged or in loadouts will not be preserved when reshaping them.
```
